Add notes for CG-05-23.md (#1290)
WebAssembly/meetings: main/2023/CG-05-23.md

FM: Java has a very rich locale/i18n library. It’s not fair to push the implementation burden of that into the platform.

ZB: It is not about semantics, but more about the API that you have in Java, isn’t it? 

FM: you’ll replace the existing APIs in Java with those provided by stringref

ZB: You can use basic things and implement other APIs on top.

AK: for example locale toLower, thats not in stringref, it’s in the intl library in JS. I would expect stringref to be low-level enough that issues about library support would be out of scope.

CW: Even in linear memory, you would have the same overhead of copying it in and copying out back? 

AR: I don’t buy that it’s as simple as that. There's a very strong slippery slope. This is already pulling some amount of unicode logic into the engine/platform and people seem to be already requesting more. Si this is a very real risk that we do end up putting things from Java into the platform. These arguments are a fallacy because you could use them to argue for integrating any feature from JS or another language. So if you want to integrate with that then of course youd benefit from adding thnose elements. But this is 

> The opposite of what we want ot do for wasm, where we want to add as little on top of the hardware as we can get away with. It has big implications beyond looking at this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The opposite of what we want to do for wasm, where we want to add as little on top of the hardware as we can get away with. It has big implications beyond looking at this feature.
```

CW: What quantitative benefit is necessary to compromise on that philosophy?

JM: i just wanted to express my support for Adam, nothing in particular.

AK: More philosophy to be had. Happy to continue that discussion maybe further down in the presentation, AR does that work for you?

NR(via chat): Is there an impact on memory usage? (via voice): Wondering, is there any kind of hidden implication in memory in either direction.

AK: In zero copy case, you’re avoiding duplicating memory, depending on what things are in memory, it might have significant or not memory savings, but it does offer the opportunity to memory savings

AW(via chat): there is also the 1-byte utf-16 thing that most js engines do.  but that’s marginal i think

AVK (via chat): Yeah, that's the "Latin1" strings I asked. about.

AK presenting import-based strings

AR: it’s worth pointing out that type imports are not strictly necessary. You can get pretty far with just externref. I would be interested in seeing how far you get, especially given all the other stuff JS engines do.

CW: Would this still be externref with pre-imports though?

> AR: If you don’t use pre-imports, I would externref to be more expensive with all the depots,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AR: If you don’t use pre-imports, I would expect externref to be more expensive with all the deopts,
```
